OK, I'll take the money.
Jiang Jia
Good girl
Jiang Jia and I have a blood feud
There is no possibility of reconciliation
This 3 million the money you paid for the table
Now you can go away.
I give you candy
It's for your face.
You don't have to abstain from alcohol. You can't eat alcohol if you don't eat it.
Stop talking nonsense and keep the money
Get out of here
You know what you're cold about
Do you know how many families are behind me?
You can hit me in the face alone
But you offended a dozen private groups
I say a word
Your Chen family doesn't even have ash left
Well, then you call them all over
Save me from looking for it one by one
young man
Don't be too arrogant
Well, that's called exuberance
Then I'll tell you now
What is gas?
I don't care what's behind you, cat or dog
Go back and tell him
I will accompany you to the end
Ok you wait
With you kneeling and begging for mercy
Hey, hey, hey, Mr. Bai, Mr. Bai
Don't be angry.
We'll talk about it.
You can talk about everything. Talk about shit
You wait to eat
Hey Mr. Bai
member
Why do you say you offended him at this time?
Now our Chen family
There is no way out at all